README.md, before:

# Crema To-Do

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/c77de7fb-32f0-462b-a8f4-f915b69861d5/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/crematodo/deploys)

A simple to-do app built using [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org) and [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com).

In this to-do app, you can add new todos, edit them or delete them.

## What's new in v1.2?

- Preferences feature improved

  - "Hide To-Do deleted messages" option added for new recover last deleted to-do feature.
  - Now, you can see date or time (or both) below of your todos.
  - Now, you can sort your todos by name instead of date.

- Recover your last deleted to-do
  - If you deleted any to-do by mistake, you can recover it. Just press the "UNDO" button on the light red pop-up.

[See full changelog](./changelog.md)

## Development

`npm install` - Install required npm packages for development.

`npm run dev` - Required command for development.

`npm run build` - Take a build for production step.

`npm run preview` - Required to see the last status of your project.

## Screenshots

![v1.2 overview with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-overview-light.png)
![v1.2 preferences with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-preferences-light.png)
![v1.2 overview with dark theme](./screenshots/v1.2-overview-dark.png)
![v1.2 preferences with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-preferences-dark.png)

Commit message:

v1.3 - Search todos, show completed todos feature and more
What's new in v1.3?

- Now, you can input your first name to show up top of the page (Instead of Crema To-Do title).
  - To activate this feature, go to Preferences > First name.

- Search todo feature added (Now, you can input keywords to find todo which you want)
  - If you don't want a search bar top of todolist, you can hide search bar from preferences ("Hide search bar" feature added)

- Show completed todos feature added
  - Hide completed todos feature (boolean) removed; instead, added three option called "Show all todos", "Show active todos" and "Show completed todos".

https://github.com/ubeydeozdmr/crema-todo/blob/main/README.md

https://github.com/ubeydeozdmr/crema-todo/blob/main/changelog.md

README.md, after:

# Crema To-Do

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/c77de7fb-32f0-462b-a8f4-f915b69861d5/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/crematodo/deploys)

A simple to-do app built using [Vue.js](https://vuejs.org) and [tailwindcss](https://tailwindcss.com).

In this to-do app, you can add new todos, edit them or delete them.

## What's new in v1.3?

- Now, you can input your first name to show up top of the page (Instead of Crema To-Do title).

  - To activate this feature, go to Preferences > First name.

- Search todo feature added (Now, you can input keywords to find todo which you want)

  - If you don't want a search bar top of todolist, you can hide search bar from preferences ("Hide search bar" feature added)

- Show completed todos feature added

  - Hide completed todos feature (boolean) removed; instead, added three option called "Show all todos", "Show active todos" and "Show completed todos".

[See full changelog](./changelog.md)

## Development

`npm install` - Install required npm packages for development.

`npm run dev` - Required command for development.

`npm run build` - Take a build for production step.

`npm run preview` - Required to see the last status of your project.

## Screenshots

![v1.2 overview with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-overview-light.png)
![v1.2 preferences with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-preferences-light.png)
![v1.2 overview with dark theme](./screenshots/v1.2-overview-dark.png)
![v1.2 preferences with light theme](./screenshots/v1.2-preferences-dark.png)
